foobar:~/ perlygatekeeper$  cat journal.txt

Success! You've managed to infiltrate Commander Lambda's evil organization, and
finally earned yourself an entry-level position as a Minion on her space
station. From here, you just might be able to subvert her plans to use the
LAMBCHOP doomsday device to destroy Bunny Planet. Problem is, Minions are the
lowest of the low in the Lambda hierarchy. Better buck up and get working, or
you'll never make it to the top...

Commander Lambda sure is a task-master, isn't she? You're being worked to the bone!

You survived a week in Commander Lambda's organization, and you even managed to
get yourself promoted. Hooray! Henchmen still don't have the kind of security
access you'll need to take down Commander Lambda, though, so you'd better keep
working. Chop chop!

At least all this time spent running errands all over Commander Lambda's space
station have given you a really good understanding of the station's layout.
You'll need that when you're finally ready to destroy the LAMBCHOP and rescue
the bunny prisoners.

Rumor has it the prison guards are inexplicably fond of bananas. You're an
apple person yourself, but you file the information away for future reference.
You never know when you might need to bribe a guard (or three)...

Awesome! Commander Lambda was so impressed by your efforts that she's made you
her personal assistant. You'll be helping her directly with her work, which
means you'll have access to all of her files-including the ones on the LAMBCHOP
doomsday device. This is the chance you've been waiting for. Can you use your
new access to finally topple Commander Lambda's evil empire?

As Commander Lambda's personal assistant, you get to deal with all of the
paperwork involved in running a space station big enough to house the LAMBCHOP.
And you thought Bunny HQ had too much bureaucracy...

One of these days you're going to manage to glimpse Commander Lambda's password
over her shoulder. But she's very careful about security, and you haven't
managed it yet...

There are a lot of difficult things about being undercover as Commander
Lambda's personal assistant, but you have to say, the personal spa and private
hot cocoa bar are pretty awesome.
